c:\users\nikola\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoServer\StoServer\bin\Debug\StoServer.exe.config
c:\users\nikola\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoServer\StoServer\obj\Debug\StoServer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\nikola\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoServer\StoServer\bin\Debug\StoServer.exe
c:\users\nikola\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoServer\StoServer\bin\Debug\StoServer.pdb
c:\users\nikola\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoServer\StoServer\bin\Debug\FluentNHibernate.dll
c:\users\nikola\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoServer\StoServer\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\nikola\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoServer\StoServer\bin\Debug\Oracle.DataAccess.dll
c:\users\nikola\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoServer\StoServer\bin\Debug\Oracle.ManagedDataAccess.dll
c:\users\nikola\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoServer\StoServer\bin\Debug\FluentNHibernate.pdb
c:\users\nikola\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoServer\StoServer\bin\Debug\FluentNHibernate.xml
c:\users\nikola\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoServer\StoServer\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\nikola\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoServer\StoServer\obj\Debug\StoServer.exe
c:\users\nikola\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoServer\StoServer\obj\Debug\StoServer.pdb
c:\users\nikola\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoServer\StoServer\bin\Debug\RabbitMQ.Client.dll
c:\users\nikola\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoServer\StoServer\bin\Debug\RabbitMQ.Client.xml
c:\users\nikola\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoServer\StoServer\bin\Debug\NHibernate.dll
c:\users\nikola\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoServer\StoServer\bin\Debug\NHibernate.xml
C:\Users\Nikola\Desktop\workspace\bozic\StoServer\StoServer\bin\Debug\StoServer.exe.config
C:\Users\Nikola\Desktop\workspace\bozic\StoServer\StoServer\obj\Debug\StoServer.exe
C:\Users\Nikola\Desktop\workspace\bozic\StoServer\StoServer\obj\Debug\StoServer.pdb
C:\Users\Nikola\Desktop\workspace\bozic\StoServer\StoServer\bin\Debug\StoServer.exe
C:\Users\Nikola\Desktop\workspace\bozic\StoServer\StoServer\bin\Debug\StoServer.pdb
C:\Users\Nikola\Desktop\workspace\bozic\StoServer\StoServer\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Nikola\Desktop\workspace\bozic\StoServer\StoServer\bin\Debug\Oracle.DataAccess.dll
C:\Users\Nikola\Desktop\workspace\bozic\StoServer\StoServer\bin\Debug\Oracle.ManagedDataAccess.dll
C:\Users\Nikola\Desktop\workspace\bozic\StoServer\StoServer\bin\Debug\FluentNHibernate.pdb
C:\Users\Nikola\Desktop\workspace\bozic\StoServer\StoServer\bin\Debug\FluentNHibernate.xml
C:\Users\Nikola\Desktop\workspace\bozic\StoServer\StoServer\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Nikola\Desktop\workspace\bozic\StoServer\StoServer\bin\Debug\NHibernate.xml
C:\Users\Nikola\Desktop\workspace\bozic\StoServer\StoServer\bin\Debug\RabbitMQ.Client.xml
C:\Users\Nikola\Desktop\workspace\bozic\StoServer\StoServer\obj\Debug\StoServer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Nikola\Desktop\StoServer\StoServer\bin\Debug\StoServer.exe.config
C:\Users\Nikola\Desktop\StoServer\StoServer\obj\Debug\StoServer.exe
C:\Users\Nikola\Desktop\StoServer\StoServer\obj\Debug\StoServer.pdb
C:\Users\Nikola\Desktop\StoServer\StoServer\obj\Debug\StoServer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Nikola\Desktop\StoServer\StoServer\bin\Debug\StoServer.exe
C:\Users\Nikola\Desktop\StoServer\StoServer\bin\Debug\StoServer.pdb
C:\Users\Nikola\Desktop\StoServer\StoServer\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Nikola\Desktop\StoServer\StoServer\bin\Debug\Oracle.DataAccess.dll
C:\Users\Nikola\Desktop\StoServer\StoServer\bin\Debug\Oracle.ManagedDataAccess.dll
C:\Users\Nikola\Desktop\StoServer\StoServer\bin\Debug\FluentNHibernate.pdb
C:\Users\Nikola\Desktop\StoServer\StoServer\bin\Debug\FluentNHibernate.xml
C:\Users\Nikola\Desktop\StoServer\StoServer\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Nikola\Desktop\StoServer\StoServer\bin\Debug\NHibernate.xml
C:\Users\Nikola\Desktop\StoServer\StoServer\bin\Debug\RabbitMQ.Client.xml
C:\Users\Jana\Desktop\AIPS odbrana\StoServerNajVerzija\StoServer\StoServer\bin\Debug\StoServer.exe.config
C:\Users\Jana\Desktop\AIPS odbrana\StoServerNajVerzija\StoServer\StoServer\obj\Debug\StoServer.exe
C:\Users\Jana\Desktop\AIPS odbrana\StoServerNajVerzija\StoServer\StoServer\obj\Debug\StoServer.pdb
C:\Users\Jana\Desktop\AIPS odbrana\StoServerNajVerzija\StoServer\StoServer\bin\Debug\StoServer.exe
C:\Users\Jana\Desktop\AIPS odbrana\StoServerNajVerzija\StoServer\StoServer\bin\Debug\StoServer.pdb
C:\Users\Jana\Desktop\AIPS odbrana\StoServerNajVerzija\StoServer\StoServer\bin\Debug\FluentNHibernate.dll
C:\Users\Jana\Desktop\AIPS odbrana\StoServerNajVerzija\StoServer\StoServer\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Jana\Desktop\AIPS odbrana\StoServerNajVerzija\StoServer\StoServer\bin\Debug\NHibernate.dll
C:\Users\Jana\Desktop\AIPS odbrana\StoServerNajVerzija\StoServer\StoServer\bin\Debug\Oracle.ManagedDataAccess.dll
C:\Users\Jana\Desktop\AIPS odbrana\StoServerNajVerzija\StoServer\StoServer\bin\Debug\FluentNHibernate.pdb
C:\Users\Jana\Desktop\AIPS odbrana\StoServerNajVerzija\StoServer\StoServer\bin\Debug\FluentNHibernate.xml
C:\Users\Jana\Desktop\AIPS odbrana\StoServerNajVerzija\StoServer\StoServer\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Jana\Desktop\AIPS odbrana\StoServerNajVerzija\StoServer\StoServer\bin\Debug\NHibernate.xml
C:\Users\Jana\Desktop\AIPS odbrana\StoServerNajVerzija\StoServer\StoServer\bin\Debug\RabbitMQ.Client.xml
C:\Users\Jana\Desktop\AIPS odbrana\StoServerNajVerzija\StoServer\StoServer\obj\Debug\StoServer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
